Before installing, note that only Japhar 0.07 or later is supported.
Currently only Japhar 0.06 is in distribution which means you will need
the latest and greatest Japhar from CVS in order for Classpath to
work.  (This will only be needed until the next Japhar development
release).  If you don't have the current Japhar from CVS, Classpath
won't work.  See http://www.japhar.org/ for details on anonymous CVS
access to the Japhar sources.

This package was designed to use the GNU standard for configuration
and makefiles.  To build and install do the following:

1).  Run the "configure" script to configure the package.  There are
various options you might want to pass to configure to control how the
package is built.  "configure --help" will give a complete list.  Of
relevance, a target JVM must be specified.  Currently only Japhar is
supported, and the option for that is --with-japhar.  (This option is
turned on by default).  The target JVM will be used to compile the
class library by default, but this can be overridden by specifying a
java executable to use (the --with-java=<path-to-java> option) and the
class library archive to use (the --with-classlib=<path-to-classlib>
option).  It is a good idea to use these last two options to specify
the JDK for compiling, since Japhar current doesn't work. :-)

2).  Type "make' to build the package

3).  Type "make install" to install everything.  This may require
being the superuser.

The compiled classes are stored in the Japhar "share" directory,
exactly where the Sun classes.zip is stored.  The native libraries
are stored in the Japhar "lib" directory.  Please do not zip the
Classpath classes into a zip/jar archive or it will bomb on many
things.

Once installed, GNU Classpath is ready to be used.  Simply ensure that
/usr/local/japhar/share is in your $CLASSPATH environment variable.
(Change that of course if your Japhar is not installed in /usr/local/japhar).

Ok, here is a configuration, build, install, and test example.  This
may or may not be appropriate for your system.

./configure 
make
make install
japhar --classpath /usr/local/japhar/share/:. FooClass

If it completely bombs, do a japhar --version.  If it doesn't say 0.07
or higher, you need to upgrade.

Report bugs to classpath@gnu.org.

Happy Hacking!
